So, I just asked 50 business owners,
"What would you pay to automate?" And in
this video, we're going to be talking
about exactly what it is that they said.
Now, how I got here was I asked a
question in my school community
yesterday, which is quite simple. If you
had to take out your wallet and pay for
one thing to automate, what would it be?
And we got 50 responses. This is what
we're going over. Five of them turned
out to be fantastic. and the other five
turned out to absolutely flop. So, if
you guys are interested in selling AI
automation services, then this video is
for you because I'm going to be going
over what is probably in your best
interest to focus your time on and what
is probably not in your best interest to
well focus your time on. And so, with
that being said, let's dive into this
right now. Most of the blueprints that
I'm going to be going over in this video
are going to be completely free for you
guys to download in the description down
below. The first one is analytics. So,
this one for me I absolutely love.
However, it's not necessarily always the
first thing that comes to mind when
thinking about creating or running a
business. However, once you already have
a stable stream of leads coming in,
you've closed quite a few deals. Well,
you probably want to know where to
double down on your efforts and what to
cut because if you don't have tracking
like a system like this, you're probably
shooting in the dark. So in an automated
system like this, we can build out real
time analytic dashboards to allow people
to understand exactly what's working and
what's not working in their business.
Like at a moment's notice, I can
understand how well my sales team is
doing, who's doing well, who's not doing
well, who's generating revenue, who's
sending out quotes, who's slacking,
where the deals are coming from, all of
that kind of stuff. And so for a system
like this, I think it's really powerful.
We got five votes or 10% of the people
that took the survey. And I think that
you could easily sell this for at least
$5,000, probably even more depending on
the level of sophistication. Again, with
this video, it's going to be down below
in the description. There will be a link
to another video kind of going over how
to build this as well as the free
blueprints as well. Now, the technology
we're using for this is Looker Studio,
Google Sheets, and a CRM. And you can
generate analytics not just on sales,
but you could do it on leads over here.
You could do it on fulfillment. you
could do it on any part of your
business. And so for that reason,
obviously really powerful stuff. I would
recommend if you're selling this to use
it as an upsell because usually it's not
always the first thing that people are
looking to buy. However, once you have
somebody on the hook because you've sold
them an AI automation service, they're
absolutely in love with what you've done
and they see the ROI, then this is a
great upsell at that point in time.
Moving past this at rank number four out
of 10 or the fourth best thing to sell
is content marketing automations. So
specifically how you can grow somebody's
brand online. And there's a lot of ways
to do this, right? But I'm just going to
go over a couple here, which is
generating blogs, social media posting,
as well as creating AI videos. I think
that's really cool. And also something
that uh I think is a great idea as well
is generating viral content ideas. Let's
break this down. I think that all of
these well we'll go into the pricing
individually, but the first one is blog
generation. Now this whole system looks
very complicated and uh it is but it
does a great job at generating blog
posts like you can see here. It can
create the page on something like
WordPress, generate the slug. It could
even generate the titles, descri uh
title, metatitle, the text, it can
generate the styling. It can generate
the links which are internal, external,
everything can be done automatically.
Um, and for that reason, it's really
powerful. And I think you could easily
sell that for $5,000, which if you think
about it, is really like a steal because
any of these things, and I'm not, it's
not just blog generation, but but this
is a good example of that. Once you
build it one time and somebody pays you
$5,000, they're going to be using this
for maybe the next five or 10 years. And
so, the ROI is massive. On average, when
it comes to like marketing ROIs or
marketing automation ROIs, it's usually
a 5x ROI or 500% for the average um like
return on investment. But if you're
doing a good job, you could easily get
way higher than that. And so for that
reason, like these kind of systems are
almost invaluable. And no matter almost
what you sell it for, maybe not no
matter what no matter like what you sell
it for, but in most instances, uh it's
just going to be so much more valuable
to the client because they can use it
for a lifetime. The next thing that I
want to go over in terms of what you
could build here is a social media post
system. And this is very complimentary
to the blog post. And I use this for my
business where not only do we generate
these blog posts, but once we generate
them, we take it a step further and
generate traffic to those blog posts by
reformatting these blog posts for things
like Facebook or Instagram or X or
Tumblr or if my face is blocking this,
I'll zoom in. Pinterest or LinkedIn, all
of that kind of stuff, right? You can
automatically repurpose it. And again,
$2,500. This is really really awesome
stuff because yeah, you can just um grow
your social media channel. And this is
just one way of kind of doing that. Of
course, you could generated it off of
blog posts, but you could also generated
off of tons of other content as well.
Let's talk about one of those other
pieces of content here, which could be a
faceless video generator for Instagram,
for YouTube, for Tik Tok, something like
this. And again, this and the blog
generator and the social media uh
poster, they're all going to be down
below for free in the description. But
all of these, okay, um, sorry, this one
specifically, you can generate AI
generated content. Let's take a look at
what this looks like. Start with
freelance writing. All you need is a
keyboard and creativity. Next is virtual
assistant work, managing tasks for busy
professionals remotely. consider digital
marketing consulting, helping businesses
grow online with strategy and content.
And so with something like this, it's
talking about the ways you can generate
money remotely, but essentially that is
something that could be 100% automated
and then you can go ahead and distribute
that to all of your different social
media platforms over here, which again
is just so cool. You could do it with
videos, you could do it with photos, you
could do it, there's a million in one
ways to do it. And so for a system like
that, I would say probably anywhere
between5 to $10,000. You could use that
as a baseline and then improve on that
tweak and make it something absolutely
exceptional for your clients. Lastly, in
the content marketing, um I want to talk
about viral content ideas. I think that
this is just super super invaluable. I
get a lot of people requesting this. If
you guys create content, you know the
struggle of a having to find good ideas
and then b having to create content and
all all that kind of stuff. And with
something like this, what it does is it
scrapes the entire internet for you. It
scrapes Instagram. It scrapes YouTube or
Tik Tok or X or whatever. And it will
find you the outliers. It'll find you
the ideas that just crush it. And what
you could do is use those ideas as
inspiration for your next social media
posts. So, it will scrape the ideas
here. Then, it'll put it into a Google
sheet like this. And so, this is just a
great way to speed up your brainstorming
with validated ideas that have been that
have a proven track record of success.
So, this is great. It's going to help
people grow their social media presence
online. The cool thing about this is
that really at the end of the day, if
you're selling AI automations to a
business, everyone needs an online
presence. Everyone needs social media.
it's only going to enhance their
business. So, this is quite an easy sell
to business owners because everyone,
well, everyone needs it. The next thing
here that I want to talk about is AI
agents. This came in in third place with
nine votes. And there's two examples
that I want to go over here. The first
one is a rag system, and the second one
is an AI chatbot system. Now with a rag
system, I think it's just better if I
show you rather than just talk about it.
So this is my CRM here. What a rag
system does or retrieval augmented
generation is you can think about it
like having your own personal database
that's just trained on everything
related to you or everything related to
your company. All of your contracts, all
of your invoices, all of your standard
operating procedures, all of that's
going to be stored in this this vector
database. Think about your website here.
You could web scrape all of these pages
and then you could throw it into that
vector database. And the cool thing
about a rag system is that how this
works is that when people message you or
your company, like asking for example,
what company is this? It will give them
a tailored
response by pulling out information from
that vector database. So it will search
in there, pull in information relevant
to the question that was asked and it
will answer it very well. So in this
response, it says, "Hey, this is ABC
company, your professional go-to DJ
service in Toronto and Vancouver." Next
one, hey, what services do you offer? It
goes into the nitty-gritty details. We
provide quality sound, lighting, MC
services, uh, personalized playlist, all
that kind of stuff. How much does it
cost? It'll go in, search your
contracts. Well, this is on average what
we sell it for. 750
to,500. Do you offer wedding services?
Yes, we offer it. Here's what it starts
at for a price $1,500. So, it can really
um speed up time because all of a sudden
with a company, you don't have to depend
on sales agents to sit there around the
clock and reply. One of the biggest
determining factors of whether somebody
closes the deal or not is just being
available. And if you have sales reps
that leave Friday night and they come in
Monday morning, you're going to lose
deals for anyone who inquires on
Saturday, on Sunday, or Friday night
because nobody wants to wait around and
so they'll go with an option that got
back to them quicker. With a rag system,
what this can do is it can book
appointments for your sales rep so that
on Monday morning when they're back in
the office, they have a stacked lineup
of appointments from people that have
been messaging back and forth with an AI
agent. And so for that reason, I think
that this is incredibly powerful. The
next one is an AI chatbot that you can
stick onto your website. Something like
this. And I'm just zooming in here
because my face is conveniently blocking
like everything. Uh it's always so
annoying when I have to show something
in the bottom right side of my screen
and I just know I'm just sitting there
being like, "Oh man, my face is going to
block it." Not as bad as when I view
back like look back at the videos and I
I'm like, "Man, I just did such a good
job on that video. I just really felt
it. Then I see my face like blocking the
whole screen and it's just just like my
heart sinks because I know I have to
refilm it or whatnot. But anyways, uh
back away from the tangent here. You can
create and sell AI chat bots just like
this on your website. And so you can
message back and forth with customers.
And so this is an easy way to handle
frequently asked questions. It's also an
easy way to do tasks. Could be customer
service tasks, could be sales tasks. You
could set appointments. You could send
off in invoices. you can handle customer
queries, whatever the case may be, this
is a great way to do it. And so, for
that reason, I think that both of these
would sell really well. The rag system
is $5,000. The AI chatbot is $2.5 to
$10,000. I guess both of these could be
like at the same sliding scale because
the reason why it could be way more is
it depends on how many tools or features
you enable it to do. So, for instance,
if this particular chatbot here was to
all of a sudden send invoices or was to
schedule calls or was to book a like all
of those additional add-ons are going to
take you more time and will enable you
to charge more money for that particular
build. And so, for that reason, that's
kind of why I gave the sliding scale
here. But uh yeah, the purpose is the
same nonetheless, which is to remove
manual tasks that people are currently
doing by hand and also doing it probably
way more slowly. I mean, you can just
actually take a look here as well.
Again, with what I was saying earlier
with people taking the weekend off, like
our team on average takes 804 minutes to
reply to people and we're really focused
on on calling people right away. And
that's just because some people inquire
at 2 am in the morning and you're just
not going to get a hold of them until
like 12 or noon or 11 a.m. or whatever.
And so for that reason, these can really
be beneficial, either replacing manual
tasks or just doing things that are
otherwise swept under the rug. And
number two, with 10 votes, we have sales
automation. And so this is things like
um contracts and invoices. Again, the
same kind of rag system. Vappy, voice
calling, and new lead workflows. These
are just a handful of things, but
there's really just so many more things
that you could be doing in sales
automation um to and and again the focus
here is to increase conversion rates,
speed, sales efficiency, all of that
kind of stuff. Um, one thing that I I
want to point out here is the contract
invoice generator. This one saves me
like I think it like the full-time
equivalent of one saleserson every
single year. Takes us about 30 minutes
to uh this saves us 30 minutes every
single time we run this scenario. In a
nutshell, we generate contracts and
invoices just like this. How this works
in practicality is we have sales reps.
They will get off the phone with a
client, but on the phone they're
furiously typing away asking questions
like, "Hey, tell me the date. Tell me
the start time, tell me the end time,
where is your, you know, event located
at all these things. And it
automatically populates this data onto a
contract, an invoice to send off to the
client. This you you can see like it's
just it's it's a beast into itself.
There's just so much that goes into
this. I just can't help but smile right
now because I'm just so happy that I do
not have to do this manually because I
would uh really hate my life if I had to
do this. Um, but yeah, this saves so
much time, probably $60,000 a year in
cost because our sales team doesn't have
to do this. Instead, they can focus
their time on the highest leverage
activities, which is actually picking up
the phone and selling. And so, all this
kind of stuff is about winning back time
as well, so that sales members can
utilize their time on the highest
productivity um tasks that will generate
the most revenue. And so, this is a
great example of that. Then moving past
this, we have the Vappy Calling here.
This I want to put in here. I don't use
it for my business because I'm in like
the wedding space. It's way too
personalized to do this kind of stuff.
However, I wanted to put it in here
because I do get a lot of people asking
for this kind of technology. So, because
people are asking for it, because people
are voting on it, I thought to include
this in here. Um, I just want to put a
disclaimer that usually when you're
doing AI calling, you do have to um you
do have to like get consent to talk to
the person using AI calling. I guess it
just depends on the the region that
you're located in the country, all that
kind of stuff. But let's go ahead. Let's
test this out so you can see for
yourself what this sounds like. We're
going to be calling Elliot, my sales rep
at Smart Pulse Agency. You for calling
Smart Pulse Agency. This is Elliot, your
scheduling assistant. How may I help you
today? Hey Elliot, I came across your
website. I'm interested in your
services. I was just wondering if you
could send off an invoice to me.
Absolutely. I can help with that. Could
you please provide me with your full
name and email address? I'll make sure
to get that invoice sent off to you
right away. Of course. My name is John
and my email is J C A T L I FF. So
JCATliffgmail.com.
Thank you,
John. Just to confirm, your email is to
catatliffgmail.com, right? If that's
correct, I'll go ahead and set up the
invoice. That is correct. Yep. Sounds
good.
Hold on a sec. No worries. All set,
John. All set, John. The invoice has
been successfully sent to your email. If
you have any more questions or need
further assistance, just let me know.
Sweet. Okay, thanks Elliot. I got to
take off now. Bye-bye. And obviously I'm
being polite because that's what all
Canadians do. Even though I know it's an
A on the other side of the phone. It's
like man, like it just like to my core
I've been conditioned in Canada to
always be polite. So it's not going to
stop with AI agents. Um so yeah, I think
that's pretty cool. Again, it's in its
infancy. It does make mistakes. Um but
it's getting better literally by the
day. Like every time I like open this
up, it just feels like it just gets
better and better and better. So, yeah,
I think that's pretty cool in terms of
building something out like that, $2 and
a half to $10,000. Again, it really just
depends because you can add in so many
things like it sent off an invoice to me
here, but you could also schedule
calendars uh like update or create or
delete calendar or consultation meetings
on the fly. You could patch in like one
of your sales reps, you could answer
frequently asked questions. all of these
things that you're adding in there are
additional complexity and of course you
should be charging for that and making
more money and so that is a a really
cool system to sell. Other than that
there's also um the inverse to this
where instead of using an AI
receptionist to pick up the phone you
could have sales reps calling instead.
And so how this works is I'm going to go
over to my AI agency automation website
where we provide uh where we help six,
seven, and eight figure businesses
automate their business. But essentially
when somebody's interested in inquiring,
they can fill out their information and
click let's talk down here. When that
happens, we could set up a automation to
get onto a phone call within 10 seconds.
So I'm actually just going to go ahead
and test out this workflow. Now, this
isn't my stat. It's a Harvard stat in
2011 that said if you call within 60
seconds, you can increase your
conversion rate by up to
391%. Now, with an automated system like
this, what I'd like to do is call within
10 seconds because that's even faster,
meaning that you're going to be the
first person to talk to the client. Jono
Catliff just inquired about your
services. Please press any key on the
keypad to connect into a call with Jono.
So I could press any key on the
keypad and now it's going to connect in.
So initially it called me as the sales
rep. Then I pick up hit a key on the
keypad and then it connects me into a
call with the client. Obviously I'm not
going to talk to myself right now. So
I'm going to hang up the phone. And so
more or less that is how a system like
this works. You increase your conversion
rate and then you make more deals. This
is probably one of the lowest hanging
fruits that you could possibly
implement. And for that reason, I like
using this as a good MVP project for new
clients because right away you can
install something that takes not too
much time and they're going to be like,
"Holy like that was freaking
insane. Like you just this just changed
my business." And there's very few
things in the world that take 5 to 10
minutes to to implement that are
absolutely game-changing, but that
happens to be one of those systems. And
so you could take it a step further. You
could send off text messages, emails,
and drip that out over time as well. Um,
if you wanted to do that and for this
price here, that would be including
sending off additional emails and text
messages at a cadence cuz not everyone,
surprisingly, even if you call in 10
seconds, not everyone picks up the
phone. Even if you double dial, people
don't pick up the phone. Even when you
text, you say, "Hey, you just inquired
on our website here about AI automation
services. Do you want to chat?"
Sometimes people don't even reply to
your texts or to emails. and they just
inquire, but then they just vanish. Like
it's just like a ghost or maybe it's a
bot, I don't know. Um, and for that
reason though, the more touch points you
have, the more likely you are to close
the deal. I think it's about eight touch
points on average to close a deal. And
so the more texts and emails within
reason, of course, within good taste.
The more you send out, the more likely
you are to get a hold of that person and
get a definitive yes or no. The next
thing that I want to talk about here is
moving past sales automation into rank
number one out of all of these 10
topics, which is I'm trying to build up
the suspense here, but I don't have like
a drum roll or anything I can put in
here.
So, the first one is lead generation,
which I'm sure you probably guessed.
This came in at 13 votes over here. So,
let's talk about some of these things.
We already talked about the lead, form
capture, and speed to lead. That's a
great example of um generating leads on
your website through like SEO or through
Google Ads or whatever. But one of the
other really cool options here would be
cold email and LinkedIn outreach. So
take this workflow for example. And I
think that um this will probably be the
only workflow in this video that I'm not
posting down below for free for you guys
to download because I don't have any
publicly available videos going over
this. This is just in my community, but
I wanted to point this out because I
think this is really valuable and uh and
for that reason, we're going to go over
this and it's rated number one. Anyways,
how we do this is we find lead sources
or we find leads online through places
like Apollo. Apollo is a lead platform.
You can find leads here. You want to
contact CEOs, you go to Apollo. You want
to find the head of marketing
departments, you go to Apollo. It's
going to have all of these leads here.
And what we do is we plug it into NAND
so that we first start by scraping leads
in uh Apollo. How we scrape
automatically is using a platform called
Apify. You can get started for free on
this. And if we just type in here
Apollo, they have these Apollo web
scrapers here. Okay. So you can web
scrape Apollo. You can run this from
within NADN so that on a cadence like
once every day, 2 days, 4 days, you find
leads on Apollo. Okay. And then you
generate personalized outreach outreach
messages to them using AI and uh you you
can grab information off their LinkedIn
page, feed that into here to actually
personalize the messages and then you
can send them cold emails and also cold
LinkedIn connect messages and messages
after they accept the uh connection
request. And this is kind of more or
less what it looks like. I'm using
instantly.ai AI for the cold email
outreach. And so this is just an example
of an email that I'd send. This is just
one of multiple different split tests
that you could run in any given email
campaign, but we can go through this
together. Hey, first name
personalization, which will be what the
AI generates. I'm Alex, founder of
Automatable. After scaling a few
companies, I kept running into the same
issues. Teams losing 10 to 30% of their
time to repetitive tasks that could
easily be automated. Fixing just one of
those bottlenecks consistently saved us
10 hours a week and that's what we help
teams like yours do right now. We
guarantee the same results or your money
back if you want to schedule a call. And
so that is essentially it. We can split
test all of these emails, send it off.
And the cool thing about this and why I
think this is so powerful and why so
many people love it is because if you
think about lead generation es
especially for service-based businesses,
it is literally the lifeblood of the
business. If you don't have leads, you
don't have a business. That's it. And so
with that being said, when you look um
at the options out there, when you like
there's not a lot of easy options that
are not going to cost an arm and a leg.
If you look at Google Ads, it's going to
cost an arm and a leg. You look at
Facebook ads, it's going to cost an arm
and a leg. If you look at SEO, which is
free, it's going to take you a freaking
ton of time. Sometimes years, especially
if you don't have the right strategy and
you have to restart. Content marketing,
could be months, could be years. All
these things could be months, years,
could be cheap, could be expensive. But
more often than not, unless you're like
one of the top 1% of people doing this
or just getting lucky when you start and
just, you know, finding the winning
strategy right away, you're going to be
spending a lot of time or a lot of
money. With cold email outreach, you're
not spending a lot of time and you're
not spending a lot of money to get
something like this set up. You can get
it running and then just improvise on it
pretty quickly. And so, for that reason,
I think this is really powerful stuff.
And I think that you could easily sell
this for $5,000. And again, I don't
think you're ever going to reach out to
a service-based business that depends on
leads and have them say, "You know what?
Like, we actually have too many leads.
Like, we got to cut it back. Like, we
we're trying to cut them out." You'll
never hear that. doesn't
exist anytime you like you you can
always get more leads, always hire more
people to fulfill it and always make
more money. And so with that being said,
I think that these are really powerful.
And that is the top five types of um
systems, AI automation systems that
people are looking for. And these are
the things that I'd be focusing my time
on trying to sell to future prospects.
With that out of the way, let's wrap up
this video by talking about the bottom
five that absolutely sucked, which was
kind of surprising to me, but I want to
go over this so that you can probably
figure out where not to focus a ton of
time on just because there's not as much
attention on these things. First one is
web scraping. So, finding web scraping
off the internet and using that to
enrich client data or competitive
analysis or finding like general viral
ideas probably not the best. Now, keep
in mind this kind of bleeds into some of
the other points that we're talking
about, but web scraping as a whole
outside of lead generation probably not
the best use case. Project management
automation like ClickUp, Asana,
Monday.com, again, no votes out of the
50. Appointments and calendar automation
came in at the highest of these
remaining five, but again, there's not
much interest in there. This is for
people looking to schedule calendar
events and then manage no shows,
cancellations, all of that kind of
stuff. Next, we have accounting and
payment automation. So whether you're
dealing with QuickBooks or affiliates
and commission and payouts and all that
kind of stuff,
only one vote over here. I feel like we
need to have a moment of silence for the
one vote over here that
uh went against the grain and chose
accounting and payments. Fortunately,
that's not as popular. And then lastly,
we have recruitment automation, which
got a whole zero people interested in
it. Now, it could be the way I worded
this, but honestly, from the videos I've
posted on YouTube and what I've seen in
my community and the people I talked to,
it seems like it's pretty universal.
These are usually not that popular when
it comes to um AI automation systems.
And it's not that these aren't useful
because they're incredibly useful. It's
just that it's not the first thing that
comes to mind when people are thinking,
"Hey, I want to take out my wallet and I
need to if I was to pay for an
automation, what would it be?" These are
not the first things that come to mind.
However, they're all great upsells and
they're usually all things that most
companies uh will need, like most of
these at least. And so, for that reason,
that is the the top or the bottom five.
Thank you guys so much for watching. I
really hope you found value in this
video. If you did, make sure to hit that
subscribe button down below. if you want
to see future videos like this one. What
always surprises me is that only about
20% of the people that watch my content
actually are subscribed to me, which
means that 80% of the people uh are not.
And so it would be cool if you guys
could help me out by doing me a massive
favor and smashing that uh that uh
subscribe button. It would mean the
world to me. And lastly, just before we
wrap this up, if you guys are interested
in taking AI automation to the next
level, highly recommend taking a look at
my school community over here where we
help people do one of two things. The
first one is I guess one of two main
things should I say, is to help them
automate their entire business up to
80%. I just give you the exact
blueprints that took me like seven or
eight years implementing in my own
business, which replaced me from having
to work and also scaled my business to
seven figures. And then the next thing
down here is helping people create AI
automation agencies with a proven road
map roadmap on how to find and sell
clients. On top of that, we also have
calendar events every single week. So,
if you ever run into problems or issues,
you can always jump on one of these
calls and I'd be more than happy to help
you out and and get past the roadblock
that uh you're you're stuck with.
Sometimes it's it's crazy cuz like, you
know, you could be spending five or even
10. And sometimes people are like, "Man,
I've been spending 2 weeks on this
freaking problem. Like, I cannot solve
it. In one call in 5 minutes, we're
done." And so, obviously, that's a
that's a good return on investment
because spending 2 weeks on a problem is
not always beneficial. And then,
obviously, there's a vibrant vibrant
community here of like-minded
individuals that are looking to uh to
use AI automation to scale and grow and
all that kind of stuff. So, thanks guys
for watching. I hope you have a lovely
day. Really appreciate your time and I
will see you guys in the next video.
Bye-bye.