Look, most people selling AI automation
are doing it completely wrong. I found
three simple automations that actually
work and get businesses to pay you
monthly instead of just one time. And
personally, I'm making over $22,000
per month with this exact system. But
here's the thing, most people try to
sell one big complicated custom AI
solution for thousands and thousands of
dollars right up front. But in reality,
if you stack different automations and
show them the benefits of what you're
actually building, they will be way more
likely to pay you if it's a lower amount
in monthly recurring revenue. Now, I'll
show you exactly what these automations
are, how they work, and I'll even show
you how to set them up so that you can
just copy and paste my entire business
model. All right, so we have automation
one, which is missed call text back.
This is where you start with every
single client because in reality, every
single freaking business needs this and
it's the easiest sell. You walk in and
you say, "What happens when someone
calls you after hours? How long does it
take you to respond to those leads? Do
you have an overnight staff that is
answering the phone for you?" If the
answer is no, cool. What do you think
people do? Well, they're going to call
your competitor. They're going to call
the next business and the next business
until someone freaking answers. But what
if a customer calls after hours and
instead of getting voicemail, they
immediately get a text that is saying,
"Hey, we missed your call. How can we
help you today?" And now what you can do
is start a conversation with that person
that is calling your clients. So, will
they call someone else? Maybe. But the
chances increase greatly once you start
a text message conversation. So now the
next day when your clients walk into the
office, they can just have a list of
leads that have already texted them. So
all they have to do is respond. Now, if
you want to get fancy, you can also link
up an AI conversation bot that will book
that appointment for you. Meaning the
client walks in the next morning and
instead of them having text messages,
they have full booked appointments that
the AI automatically booked for them.
This alone runs at about $300 per month
and takes literally 5 minutes to set up
if you use gofreetrial.com.
Now, this is exactly how you're going to
set that up. Right here, we have the
launchpad. You're going to make a new
sub account. That's what it's called for
each client. Cool thing is you can have
unlimited sub accounts and unlimited
clients. Then you just connect this
dashboard with your client. So, hit
connect on their Google page, you hit
connect on their Facebook page, and then
if you're outside the US, you can also
do WhatsApp. Now the whole thing is
integrated with their business. You
don't need crazy API keys. Now that
that's in there, you can head over to
where it says settings. You click phone
numbers right here. And then you click
advanced settings at the top here. And
then you hit voicemail and mis call text
back. And as you scroll down, here it
is. All it is is you just check off one
box like this. Now it's enabled. Hey,
this is location name. That's ABC
roofing, ABC landscaping, whatever your
client's name is. I saw that we just
missed your call. How can we help? And
if you want to change that or if the
client wants to change that, you can hit
customize right here. And then you're
done. And now all the text messages that
they send out automatically are going to
appear in a box that looks like this. So
under conversations, they can click all
and they can see all the different
conversations that were started because
of this AI bot. This is a live client,
so I'm going to have to blur most of
this sensitive data. Okay. Next, we have
the AI conversation bot. This is a $500
a month service that comes in the
package with the previous automation.
So, every business owner should have
this, but really 90% of them do not. So,
you want to have that mis call text back
to again start that text message
conversation and then this conversation
bot can take over from there. You can
also set this up as a live chat on your
client's website. So, imagine customer
lands on their website. Instead of an
email, they can find or maybe they're
not even sure if this works. They get an
AI chat that actually helps them. And
this is a little popup you've probably
seen on other websites that says, "Hey,
text us here." When someone walks into a
car dealership, instead of feeling lost,
looking around random cars, not knowing
what they need, a young lady approaches
them with a smile, offering for help.
And that is exactly what we are doing
here with this chatbot. Now, the best
part is this AI is going to be trained
on their entire website, on all their
services, on their pricing, on their
availability, when they're open, when
they're closed, and it can answer
questions 24/7, collect leads, and even
book appointments. I showed you how to
integrate the client with GoHigh Level.
We can also integrate their calendar.
So, whenever they have availability, the
AI can automatically book that
appointment. It'll collect their name,
their email, phone number, any details
your client wants about that person and
then place it in the calendar. Best part
is this is recurring revenue. You set it
up once and you just get paid every
single month. You don't wake up every
day with a feeling that you need to go
get more clients to put food on your
table. You set it up one time, set up
the chatbot, right? Link their
calendars, but they see that service
working every single day. So, you have
AI agents that are essentially working
on your behalf and you're not setting
this up with crazy complicated tech.
This is a live conversation that a
chatbot had with my client. So, person
went in here and said, "Master bathroom
remodel." This is a remodeling client.
So, the chatbot said, "Hey, how can we
help?" They typed this in. Boom.
Opportunity updated, right? This person
moved into the main pipeline. Now, you
can see right here it said, "This
message was generated by conversation AI
workflow action." So the AI said,
"Great. Is your biggest priority for the
master bathroom model functionality,
style, or both?" Functionality mainly.
Got it. We accelerate creating
functional spaces. Are you ready to book
an appointment to discuss your project?
Monday 2 p.m. We have availability at
Monday 2 p.m. Should I book the slot?
Boom. Book it. Appointment freaking
created. Let me show you another
conversation. This person said,
"Interested in getting a quote on a
remodel. Looking to have a fiberglass
bath shower combo removed. Walk-in
shower installed." AI responded. Said,
"We're definitely interested. Let's
schedule consultation. We're flexible on
date and time. Now, the AI went in and
it gave them freaking different time
slots that is available on the client's
calendar. Monday 10 a.m. works. Great.
I'll book you in for this time. Boom. It
gave them an address. Sell. And then it
also needed an email. So, that person
put in their email. And now the
appointment details were updated. And
now it's even following up. Your
appointment is confirmed for this day.
This time, we look forward to discussing
your project. Now the whole thing is
done. I'm guessing that first
conversation that person filled out a
contact form. So we already had their
name, email, and phone number. So the AI
bot didn't have to ask. It already knew
because it was integrated. If you want
everything imported into your account
and just copy and paste everything that
we've built with a click, you can now do
that. It's working like crazy. Not just
for me, but we've proven that this works
for people with all kinds of experience
levels and backgrounds. In fact, Gohigh
Level themselves rated us the number one
course because of the results that we
get for people and the support that we
give. I'm going to show you a toz how to
get clients, deliver results, grow your
business, and then even hire employees
to run it all for you. I'll even talk to
you on Zoom and answer questions to make
sure that you succeed. If you want all
this for free, go to laptopeo.com or
check the link in the description. I
want you to think of these automations
and all these clients as like many
rental properties. These AI agents are
working for you like a rental property.
One client becomes two, two becomes
five, five becomes 10. At the end, you
have 10 rental properties that pay you a
stable salary. Each installment makes
you an AI expert in that area. Word
spreads and then referrals keep coming
in. So, out of 10 clients that are
paying you monthly, one of them might be
a crazy freaking referral source because
maybe he's connected or he just loves
you so much and he will give you clients
or he'll give you one connection that
has more connections and then you'll
have more clients than you know what to
do with. And this is exactly how you
would set this up. You head over to your
GoHighle account. You head over to where
it says AI agents. You click
conversation AI right here. And then you
can create your first conversational AI
agent. Then you'll see a screen that
looks like this. You can give your bot
any name you want. Then you want to
select autopilot right here. Now you can
also link this up to different social
media platforms, Instagram, Facebook,
WhatsApp, but we just do SMS, chat
widget, and live chat. This will cover
everything that we just talked about.
Now the AI can respond via SMS on behalf
of your clients. So you put in the
business name right here, ABC Roofing,
and then you go ahead and you hit save
at the bottom there. Next is going to be
the bot training. So under the bot
training, what you want to do is select
create new. And now you want to give it
a knowledge base. Now all a knowledge
base is really used for is just training
the AI. And the way that we are going to
train the AI is just give the knowledge
base the website URL of your clients and
it's going to go through and it will
scan every single page. Now the way you
would scrape all their different pages
on their website is you would click add
source right here. you'd select
webcrawwler and then it's going to ask
you and enter the domain name. So
instead of choosing exact URL, you want
to select all URLs with this path. So
for example, if your client is
abcroofing.com
right here, you can hit extract data.
Now this is a fake client I just made
up. But once you have a real website URL
in here, it's going to go through the
about page, the services page, and the
AI will train itself on everything they
offer. It'll read their contact page and
even know what time they're open, what
time they closed, what their best email
is, and the whole thing is done. So, you
don't really have to train the AI that
much. Now, you head over to where it
says bot goals. And here, you really
want to scroll down to where it says
appointment booking, and you want to
select that. So, remember how the first
step we linked up their Google page,
their Facebook page. This is where their
Google calendar is going to show up. So,
you're going to select main booking
calendar. That's what I titled mine.
Once you link up your client's calendar,
it'll be in here. So, most clients do
use Google. But even the ones that don't
and they don't have their appointments
booked on Google, whatever they do use,
just link it up to a Google calendar.
And now the AI can automatically read it
and find time slots that are available
and it will avoid the time slots that
are not. And now the whole thing is done
after you hit save. Something we even do
on sales calls sometimes as we're
talking to a client like live. I will
take their website URL that they send
me. I'll put it into this bot because it
doesn't cost us anything extra and I
will just train an AI agent and then I
will show them and hit test this bot
right here and show it to them right in
front of them of what it could look like
if we were to start working together.
So, while all these other AI automation
agencies will take weeks and weeks to
build these $5,000 automations, I can
show them a quick sample of how this
will look. Same thing on a car
dealership. You want to get into a car
and you want to test drive it before you
buy. This is exactly that. And clients
love this. Look, a lot of your clients
are going to be older. So, they're
definitely not AI experts and a lot of
them barely freaking use Chat GPT. So,
they're not going to ask you about all
the technicalities of how'd you build
this, how you build that. They don't
care. They just want to see that this
thing freaking works. And if you link
this up to their account, you can set
this up one time and you get paid
monthly forever because they see the
conversations. Remember, they wake up in
the morning and the end result for them
is they have appointments on their
calendar. That's all they care about. As
long as they're getting leads in their
dashboard, as long as it's starting
conversations, as long as the live
chat's working, they will gladly keep
paying you. That's all they're seeing.
How many appointments did the AI book?
Cool. How much am I paying? $300 a
month. Awesome. No problem. And when you
work with people like roofers who charge
$10,000 for, let's say, one roof. If you
help them just get one customer, you
literally paid for a year's worth of
service, even more than that. That's
really what makes this such a no-brainer
offer. So, now let's cover topic number
three, which is going to be the full
package deal. So, this is a $1,000 per
month package. This is really where the
money is at. So, if you offer miss call,
text back, AI chatbot on their website,
like I showed you, social media
scheduling as well. And then you can
even have AI create those posts for you.
And you can give that to them as a
bonus. By the way, when we sign on
clients, we'll say something like, "Hey
man, if you sign up today, we will give
you 3 months worth of free social media
posting." This isn't even a service we
sell. And all that is is you going into
chat GPT or going to the built-in AI
content creator inside how to go high
level and just saying, "Hey, build me
three months worth of content. Here's
the business's details. Lead
reactivation campaign done for you
website with templates." Again, all of
this is done inside of GoHigh Level as
well as ads. And you can even use my
custom GPT to write those. So, I show
them the return on investment on paper.
And really, they just can't say no once
they see it. Let's say it's average
fence project. This is another niche
that I love going after. This is stuff
you don't even think about. If you drive
by a house, what do most houses have?
Freaking fences. Who installs those
fences? How much do they charge? See,
most people go about the world and they
just don't think about these things. But
I did and I realized fences are freaking
expensive. So, let's say it's $10,000.
Let's say they get 10 missed calls per
week. Let's say their closing rate,
meaning how many of those people can
they turn into customers, is only 20%.
Meaning, if they get 10 calls, they can
only get two clients out of those 10.
The money left on the table is around
$20,000
per month. So, if your fee is $1,000,
this is a complete no-brainer, and they
will keep paying you every single month.
Now, you might be wondering, "That's
great, but how do you actually get
clients? What do I even say to get
clients interested in this service?
Well, let me show you something. Hey
name, I built you an AI employee that
can book you three to five new
appointments in the next few days. Do
you want to test it? It's completely
riskfree.
So, what you can do for clients, if you
have no clients, if you have no case
studies, you have no past experience, is
just give this to them for free. This is
the most freaking underrated strategy.
Give them a 7-day free trial. give them
a 14-day free trial. Just integrate it
with their website. You watch me do it
live here. And if you schedule those
posts, you also give them something to
look forward to. And then you just
automatically bill them after the 7-day
free trial or the 14-day free trial. The
same way Netflix or Amazon or all these
other companies give you a free trial
and then auto bill you. Another amazing
outreach strategy that I love using is
called AI video outreach. And
essentially the way that works is you
just download a spreadsheet of your
ideal clients. And I can show you
exactly how to download that. And then
you use AI to take their website and
then put a box of your face the same way
I'm filming this video where you're
speaking. You're talking about your
services. You're giving them this offer,
but it looks like you're scrolling on
their website as you're speaking. So it
looks fully customized. If you want to
watch a full setup video on how we do
this, you can check out this video